[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Here comes
a bunch of just code vomit,
unfortunate this is a really long file and
you just have to write it.
And there's no, again there's like,
you go from zero to done, and
there's no middle step.
So I'll be explaining line
by line while I'm going, but
then will look at it
holistically after I'm done.
And then after I'm done with
this I'll cut a branch.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah I got,
I think we're doing well in time.
So we're gonna be done by five I think.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Brian Holt: What's that?
>> Speaker 2: What do you call this file?
>> Brian Holt: This going
to be called app.js, oops.
>> Speaker 2: In the root?
>> Brian Holt: Yeah this is going in
the root and this is not going JS.
So it's going to be app.js but
it's not going and JS.
>> Brian Holt: We can also call
it server JS if that's better for
you just make sure that you
always refer to as such.
First thing you wanna
do is babel-register.
This is basically saying it's
going to hook into require.
Now every file that you get required, is
going to transpiled, but it's key to note
that this file that we're in right
now app.js does not get transpiled.
So we can't use all our fanciest ES6,
we can't use JSX in here, we can
only use whatever node it can understand,
but everything that it requires can.
And you can use babel-node if you want to,
but I don't wanna show you that
because you don't use babel-node
in production, it's way too slow.
So this is the way it has to be.
>> Brian Holt: We're
gonna be using express,
express is just a lightweight server for
node.
You could be using COA you could be using
happy anywhere this is totally fine.
Upon react, hope you are familiar
at this point with react,
otherwise I have greatly failed you.
>> Brian Holt: Const reactDOMserver,
this is specifically a package for
rendering react to a string.
So it's going to be react-dom/server.
We're going to get react router as well.
>> Brian Holt: There is
a lot it requires here.
>> Brian Holt: And actually,
>> Brian Holt: Actually what
we want out of this is not React router,
we want match out of it like that.
>> Brian Holt: And
we also want RouterContext.
So match and RouterContext.
>> Brian Holt: Then we want,
from react redux, we want provider,
>> Brian Holt: Equals require react redux
>> Brian Holt: Const store, we're going to
be pulling in our own
store from our own store,
so it's gonna be require./JS/store.
Unfortunately, we can't do the trick
of saying just store we actually
have to do say JSX because this is
not Webpac there's no resolve for
us, we actually have to specify
that this is the JSX file.
>> Brian Holt: You're gonna pull in low
dash underscore equals require a low dash
we're going to using that for
the templating that we're just
talking about in the HTML.
We're pulling in FS,
which stands for file system.
This is from node, cuz we have to
read that index file into memory.
I'm gonna do const port=5050,
you can do 8080y you
can do 8000 whatever you want,
I gonna use 5050.
Const basedTemplate = require.
>> Brian Holt: Sorry,
not require cuz you can't require HTML, so
I'm gonna say fs.readFileSync
(./index.html), so
this is just gonna read whatever is in
index or HTML, bring that into memory.
We're gonna use that to template.
Actually right now, so we're gonna say
const template = _template(baseTemplate).
So basically this is going to create a new
function that whenever we call template,
it's going to create a new string
with this using this template.
>> Brian Holt: That's usually
confusing for some people, so
this is a function that returns to
function in case anyone missed that.
>> Brian Holt: Const clientapp,
this is where we're gonna pull
in our clientApp =
require(./js/client/ClientApp.jsx),
const, is that all we need out of there?.
I might actually be,so we can
just actually say routes, right.
Routes like that.
>> Brian Holt: Actually that might not
work, this might not work in node.
We'll try it and we might have to refactor
this to be a little bit more explicit.
>> Brian Holt: I mean,
const works for sure.
So const app =express.
Actually, I remember it doesn't work,
so sorry.
We have to refactor a little bit.
So this has to say const
match=react router.match,
const routercontext =
reactrouter.routercontext, and
I'm just turn this into reactrouter.
>> Brian Holt: And
this is gonna be ReactRedux.
this is gonna be Provider.
>> Brian Holt: .provider, and
they're going to say const store,
this one's all that weird,
but just put that.
>> Brian Holt: Equals store.store.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, yeah I forgot.
Because destructuring doesn't work in
node as of 4.3, it doesn't work anyway.
I'm may work in five,
I don't think it does though.
Okay, and then I have to do
routes down here as well don't I?
>> Brian Holt: This is going
to be ClientApp.routes,
>> Brian Holt: ClientApp=that.
>> Brian Holt: Is that enough requires for
you?
[LAUGH] It's a wall of text.
All right, now for the meat of it,
this gets a little fun [LAUGH]
depending on the definition of fun.
>> Brian Holt: So we'll create
a new express server right there.
And then we're gonna
do app.use/public,
express.static(./public).
Now, what's happening here?
[COUGH] What's actually happening here is,
whenever someone request something to
public, we wanna just immediately serve
them whatever files in there, right?
So, if someone requests style.css if
we want to serve them, styles.css,
that's what a static file server does.
>> Brian Holt: It also sets all the proper
headers and everything like that,
it does some auto magic for you behind
the scenes, that's really annoying and
not very fun so I'm okay doing that.
And now everything else,
if that's not going to public,
it's going to go through react router and
that's the way we want it.
So we're going to say app.use, and
it's going to be a function
that says (req, res).
>> Brian Holt: So basically
anything that doesn't match this,
is going to match this,
that's the gist there.
And we're going to use the match function
that we brought in from react router.
And what this is going to do is,
this actually uses the same matching
algorithm that react router does and
it's going to run it on the server for us.
So routes is gonna be routes,capital R,
right?
So that's, this function that
we're getting from clientApp.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and location is
going to be coming from our requests,
so that's why it's req and res here,
this is request and response.
So everything to do with what the user
is sending to you goes into request,
everything they want to send
back goes into response.
And that's always abbreviated
in node as req and res.
>> Brian Holt: If you want to put
requests and response that's fine.
Just showing you how
everyone always does it.
>> Speaker 3: Can you use error functions?
>> Brian Holt: Yep, you can.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Brian Holt: It's a crapshoot I know,
and
most this is like I just read it the first
time as he's like does this work?
Damn and they switch to the old syntax.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so match is gonna do
its best to try and find something that
matches, and then it's gonna call
it's callback with whatever happened.
So it's gonna be error,
>> Brian Holt: RedirectLocation
render props.
>> Brian Holt: So it's going to call
this function whenever it finds or
doesn't find whatever it's looking for.
So error is going to be like I hit a 500,
like something went wrong and
what the if their server exploded,
that's error is.
Redirect location means react router
told me to redirect somewhere, so
I want you to redirect somewhere.
And then if both error and
redirect location are undefined and render
props is done, then that means I found
the correct route here all the properties
I want you to give to the route.
And then if error, redirect location and
render props are all undefined,
that means 404, nothing was found.
So that's the general progression
of what's going on here.